WIP: P5 204/model mi (#141)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/3.Theory/modellingthedomain.tex

\section{Modelling the domain}\label{Theory:MIModelling}
When designing a MI system, it is important to consider the domain that the MI system will affect.
An MI system is comprised of an agent, the input to the agent, and the actions it performs to affect the environment it acts in.

\figur{0.6}{images/actualagent.png}{An agent, its input and its environment{.} Source:~\cite{ArtificialIntelligencealanpoole}}{fig:agentenvironment}

An agent, as shown in Figure~\ref{fig:agentenvironment}, is an abstraction on an entity that acts in an environment based on its perception of said environment~\cite{ArtificialIntelligencealanpoole}.
It might be intelligent in the context of acting purposefully, by trying to reach its goals by performing actions, or it might act un-purposefully, where actions has no relation to goals.

> These two types are called \textit{Purposeful Agents} and \textit{Nature}.

Reviewer: two types of what?

Examples of agents could be:
\begin{itemize}
	\item \textbf{Software agents}, which solely operate on a computational environment, i{.}e{.} it modifies a software environment.
	\item \textbf{Robotic agents}, which perceives the environment through sensors and performs actions on the environment through motors and other actuators.
	\item \textbf{Human agents}, which is quite simply a human. 
\end{itemize}

> An agent chooses an action based on its input.

Reviewer: based on the input it receives?

This means that even though an agent is purposeful, it might accidentally act against its goal.
This is caused by the fact that it cannot objectively know the effect of each action, but only try to reason about them.

> The actions are reasoned on based on a subset of the following:

Reviewer: er ikke sikker på hvad den her sætning siger - er det

```suggestion
The reason behind actions are on based on a subset of the following:
```

Author: Har sagt chosen

\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Abilities}, which are a definition of the capabilities of the agent, i{.}e{.} what actions the agent can perform.
    \item \textbf{Goals}, which are the preferences of the agent, meaning what goal it will attempt to fulfil.
    \item \textbf{Any prior knowledge}, which is knowledge about the agent itself and the environment it acts in.
    \item \textbf{Stimuli}, from sensors or other observations from the environment.
    \item \textbf{Past experience}, which is a summation of previous actions, data, and stimuli from the environment.
\end{itemize}

> The agent acts on the environment based on these inputs.

Reviewer: dette bliver også sagt lige før itemize, en af dem bør nok fjernes

An environment is understood in the context of an agent, and can be categorized as either a physical or a computational environment.
An environment combined with an agent is called a world, and a world might contain multiple agents.
In a multi agent world, it can be beneficial for an agent to consider the inputs of other agents, which might be a complex task if the other agents act purposefully.

When designing the system, it is important to consider the world it is a part of, so that the agent can act purposefully and reach its goals.
When trying to reach the goals of the agent, different types of solutions can be found.

> The \textit{optimal solution} is the best solution according to some measurement of quality.

Reviewer: some predefined measurement?

kan der gives en eller anden form for eksempel på hvad measure ment kan være for kontekst?

This solution is ideal, but it might not be required, and in some cases is a purely hypothetical solution, that might not be feasible in reality.

> In most cases the \textit{satisfactory solution} might be non-optimal, according to the actual requirements of the system, as a solution might be close enough for the goal of the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, the \textit{satisfactory solution} might be non-optimal, according to the actual requirements of the system, as a solution might be close enough for the goal of the agent.
```

> 

Reviewer: har du overhovedet læst den her sætning igennem, HVA NICHLAS

> An agent can be learned, or computed, through either design time computation, offline computation or online computation.

Reviewer: can be learned?
taught? eller er learned et MI term?

Author: Learned er et MI term

> Design time computer is performed by the designer of the agent, during the design of the agent.

Reviewer: computer? computations?

	\item \textbf{Human agents}, which is quite simply a human. 
\end{itemize}

An agent chooses an action based on the input it receives.
This means that even though an agent is purposeful, it might accidentally act against its goal.
This is caused by the fact that it cannot objectively know the effect of each action, but only try to reason about them.

> The actions are chosen on based on a subset of the following:

Reviewer: har du overhovedet læst det her igennem
